How does sending http requests in the react native apps work?
Well we get our react native app
and we got a server where we want to store our data, on that server,
we have some database and we have some endpoints, some urls we can connect to because clearly
our react native app isn't html rendered by the server,
the server is a standalone thing just exposing some gates you could say, some entry points, so-called
API endpoints to which we can send requests with specific payloads which then get processed on a server
which then may get stored on the database or fetched from the database
and where we then communicate,
so that is how it works.
We send a request from the react native app to the server and we'll eventually get a response which
typically contains json data.
This simply is the data we want
like for example, the location of a place, a link to the image we want to display, something like this.
And that is it,
it's just that easy, it's a restful server,
it's not a server rendering any views or html,
it's just providing some endpoints to which we can connect. Now to connect,
we need a fitting client on our react native app
and this is what we'll also have a look at in this module of course.